README.md, before:

# BONI'S LEVEL

You play a trainee in the archaeological institute, who is full of anticipation and motivation to look at finds from Roman times. The treasures from the military camp of ancient times make him dream and the player finds himself in his daydream, which is full of false prejudices. Look at the Roman's tent and find out what is wrong here - your professor will help you and take you into her daydream, the representation of a Roman legionary tent as it might have looked like according to today's knowledge.

### What programs did we work with?
We worked with Unity version **2021.3.0f1**. Please open the project with this version as well so that everything continues to work. We use the Asset [Dialogue System for Unity](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/ai/dialogue-system-for-unity-11672) as the basis for the conversations you can have and for the labels and headings of the objects you can click on. The illustrations were done partly with [Adobe Illustrator](https://www.adobe.com/de/products/illustrator.html?gclid=CjwKCAjwo_KXBhAaEiwA2RZ8hGLCobLRWh00JQReYHQckQNAgv3V1iFeyhOgf82Rv4Rwlx9ZXUKfbBoCgmYQAvD_BwE&mv=search&mv=search&sdid=KCJMVLF6&ef_id=CjwKCAjwo_KXBhAaEiwA2RZ8hGLCobLRWh00JQReYHQckQNAgv3V1iFeyhOgf82Rv4Rwlx9ZXUKfbBoCgmYQAvD_BwE:G:s&s_kwcid=AL!3085!3!599955190798!e!!g!!adobe%20illustrator!1425872103!56040776556) and partly with [Krita](https://krita.org/en/) and [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org/de/). 

### Work distribution
Nikolai Kleinschmidt did most of the creative writing, i.e. writing the dialogs. He also added the dialogs using the assets and thus also built the game flow and game logic. In consultation Nikolai did the final Unity integration and completion.
> Hier kann Kolja nochmal eine Quote schreiben, was er gemacht hat und was ggf eine Herausforderung war

Frederic Zeiger did part of the creative visual work and created the office space and the accurate Roman camp with the programs Krita and Inkscape. Also every little detail was researched and drawn by Frederic. 
> Hier kann Freddy nochmal eine Quote schreiben, was er gemacht hat und was ggf eine Herausforderung war

Adriana Rieger has taken over the organization within the team and also a part of the visual creative work. She used Adobe Illustrator to create the start screen and the Roman camp full of prejudices with all the details as well as the characters and the character animations. Adriana also created the movement script, the animation for the player and the script to make the clickable objects blink.
> Hier kann Adriana nochmal eine Quote schreiben, was sie gemacht hat und was ggf eine Herausforderung war

Denia has provided the archaeological knowledge and sketched the institute room, as well as a correct representation of a Roman camp. She has helped with the first diallogues.
> Hier kann Denia nochmal eine Quote schreiben, was sie gemacht hat und was ggf eine Herausforderung war

### Workflow
We worked very well together as a group and divided the work fairly. Through the issues on Github and the continuous exchange about progress and further plans via WhatsApp, we always had an overview of the current status of the project.
We set ourselves a lot of goals with our project and succeeded in implementing them. In every picture and every dialog there is a lot of thought and confrontation with our own thoughts about the (damned) Romans. 

Our project is well divided into three parts. In the first third we thought a lot about the storyline. Since it was clear from the beginning that we wanted to make a point and click adventure, the question of the rooms was in the air. We decided for the three rooms we created, because they are clear (the player can get an overview of the game in a short time), they have enough space to build up prejudices and the resolution and they were well (ok a bit stressful) doable in the time we had. Within the first third, the first versions of the office and the false Roman camp were created. Further, the characters were developed and the first versions of the intern were made to move. 

The goal of the second third was to generate a running beta version to give an impression of our vision within the seminar. For this purpose we started to illustrate the correct Roman tent and wrote the first dialogues. We also discussed the flow of the game: what exactly should happen and when.

The last part of the realization of our idea was to implement the thoughts of the teachers and to follow our idea further. There was a lot of detail work. We decided finally on the clickable objects and also wrote the dialogs. Both the writing and the drawing were time-consuming creative processes. With the goal to create a correct image for the player we built an atmosphere in which there is a lot to discover and the dialog is anything but boring! 

### Why BONI'S LEVEL?
> Giacomo Boni (April 25, 1859 - July 10, 1925) was an Italian archaeologist who specialized in Roman architecture. He is best known for his work on the Roman Forum.
[Quelle: Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giacomo_Boni_(archaeologist))

And it's funny because of bonus level.lul.

Commit message:

added quote in Readme for Frederic

README.md, after:

# BONI'S LEVEL

You play a trainee in the archaeological institute, who is full of anticipation and motivation to look at finds from Roman times. The treasures from the military camp of ancient times make him dream and the player finds himself in his daydream, which is full of false prejudices. Look at the Roman's tent and find out what is wrong here - your professor will help you and take you into her daydream, the representation of a Roman legionary tent as it might have looked like according to today's knowledge.

### What programs did we work with?
We worked with Unity version **2021.3.0f1**. Please open the project with this version as well so that everything continues to work. We use the Asset [Dialogue System for Unity](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/ai/dialogue-system-for-unity-11672) as the basis for the conversations you can have and for the labels and headings of the objects you can click on. The illustrations were done partly with [Adobe Illustrator](https://www.adobe.com/de/products/illustrator.html?gclid=CjwKCAjwo_KXBhAaEiwA2RZ8hGLCobLRWh00JQReYHQckQNAgv3V1iFeyhOgf82Rv4Rwlx9ZXUKfbBoCgmYQAvD_BwE&mv=search&mv=search&sdid=KCJMVLF6&ef_id=CjwKCAjwo_KXBhAaEiwA2RZ8hGLCobLRWh00JQReYHQckQNAgv3V1iFeyhOgf82Rv4Rwlx9ZXUKfbBoCgmYQAvD_BwE:G:s&s_kwcid=AL!3085!3!599955190798!e!!g!!adobe%20illustrator!1425872103!56040776556) and partly with [Krita](https://krita.org/en/) and [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org/de/). 

### Work distribution
Nikolai Kleinschmidt did most of the creative writing, i.e. writing the dialogs. He also added the dialogs using the assets and thus also built the game flow and game logic. In consultation Nikolai did the final Unity integration and completion.
> Hier kann Kolja nochmal eine Quote schreiben, was er gemacht hat und was ggf eine Herausforderung war

Frederic Zeiger did a big part of the creative visual work and created the office space and the accurate Roman camp with the programs Krita and Inkscape. Also every little detail was researched and drawn by Frederic. 

"After the original idea of having drawings made externally was dropped, I agreed to initially take over the drawings of the rooms, knowing that it would be difficult due to lack of practice since school days. I also completely underestimated how big the difference is between constructing rooms with pen and paper and drawing on a PC with open-source software. Not only was it a great challenge to construct properly again, but at the same time I had to maintain a consistent style and learn to draw with the drawing tools on the computer all over again. However, through a lot of trial and error, working with different formats and preliminary drawings with pen and paper, I arrived at a result that I was very happy with. Additionally to the Rooms I started drawing the equivalent objects to the ones in the fake Roman tent and drew them all by myself in the end. The research in collaboration with our archaeologist Denia for the design of the individual small objects, such as the Roman helmet, the sword in the scabbard, the shield and also seemingly little things like the wall design also took up a lot of time but was also a lot of fun and a great way of getting into archaeological ideas about the roman period in the rhine provinces."

Adriana Rieger has taken over the organization within the team and also a part of the visual creative work. She used Adobe Illustrator to create the start screen and the Roman camp full of prejudices with all the details as well as the characters and the character animations. Adriana also created the movement script, the animation for the player and the script to make the clickable objects blink.
> Hier kann Adriana nochmal eine Quote schreiben, was sie gemacht hat und was ggf eine Herausforderung war

Denia has provided the archaeological knowledge and sketched the institute room, as well as a correct representation of a Roman camp. She has helped with the first diallogues.
> Hier kann Denia nochmal eine Quote schreiben, was sie gemacht hat und was ggf eine Herausforderung war

### Workflow
We worked very well together as a group and divided the work fairly. Through the issues on Github and the continuous exchange about progress and further plans via WhatsApp, we always had an overview of the current status of the project.
We set ourselves a lot of goals with our project and succeeded in implementing them. In every picture and every dialog there is a lot of thought and confrontation with our own thoughts about the (damned) Romans. 

Our project is well divided into three parts. In the first third we thought a lot about the storyline. Since it was clear from the beginning that we wanted to make a point and click adventure, the question of the rooms was in the air. We decided for the three rooms we created, because they are clear (the player can get an overview of the game in a short time), they have enough space to build up prejudices and the resolution and they were well (ok a bit stressful) doable in the time we had. Within the first third, the first versions of the office and the false Roman camp were created. Further, the characters were developed and the first versions of the intern were made to move. 

The goal of the second third was to generate a running beta version to give an impression of our vision within the seminar. For this purpose we started to illustrate the correct Roman tent and wrote the first dialogues. We also discussed the flow of the game: what exactly should happen and when.

The last part of the realization of our idea was to implement the thoughts of the teachers and to follow our idea further. There was a lot of detail work. We decided finally on the clickable objects and also wrote the dialogs. Both the writing and the drawing were time-consuming creative processes. With the goal to create a correct image for the player we built an atmosphere in which there is a lot to discover and the dialog is anything but boring! 

### Why BONI'S LEVEL?
> Giacomo Boni (April 25, 1859 - July 10, 1925) was an Italian archaeologist who specialized in Roman architecture. He is best known for his work on the Roman Forum.
[Quelle: Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giacomo_Boni_(archaeologist))

And it's funny because of bonus level.lul.
